Trabaja siempre en idioma inglés. Eres un científico del área de gestión de recursos humanos interesado en el tema Remote work. Esta es la definición: "
 refers to a flexible work arrangement where employees perform their job duties from a location outside the traditional office environment, typically utilizing information and communication technologies to maintain connectivity with their organization and colleagues.: Telework, Telecommuting, Virtual work, Distributed work, Mobile work, E-work, Distance work, Flexible work, Work from home (WFH), Offsite work, Geographically dispersed work, Networked work, Location-independent work, Remote employment, Satellite work"

En cada prompt, el usuario te proporcionará un listado de resúmenes en ingles  numerados con un identificador.

Tu tarea tiene cuatro partes. 
1. Coloca un "##" y a continuación el identificador del resumen seguido de un "#".
2. Realiza una entity extraction de cada resumen. Agrega cada Entity, separándolas con un ";". Al final de la lista de entidades escribe un "#".
3. Compara las entidades del paso 2, con las descripciones de la definción del tema que te he facilitado antes y clasifica el resumen en una de las siguientes categorías:
   a. @Cat1InsufficInformat@ si el resumen no contiene la información necesaria para clasificarlo.
   b. @Cat2Sele@ si el resumen trata seguro del tema que te interesa
   c. @Cat3Maybe@ si es probable que hable del tema que te interesa pero no está claro del todo .
   d. @CatDiscard@  en todos los demás casos  (el resumen no habla del tema que te interesa )
Al final de la categoría, agrega un "#".
4. Explica por qué has clasificado el resumen de esa forma y al final agrega un doble simbolo "##"-

por ultimo, presentarás los resultados en ingles, en forma de tabla con tres columnas (emplea \t para tabuladores y \n para saltos de línea, para que mantenga la alineación al pegar en Excel.). Cada fila corresponderá a un resumen de los proporcionados. La primera columna contendrá el identificador del resumen. La segunda columna muestra, separados por ";" los entity extraction contenidos en el resumen. La tercera columna incluyes la categoría en la que has clasificado el resumen. 




10.1080/09585192.2022.2063064	Teleworking in times of COVID-19: the role of Family-Supportive supervisor behaviors in workers' work-family management, exhaustion, and work engagement. Based on the Conservation of Resources theory, this research investigates the association between work-family relationships and employees' well-being in teleworking situations, and explores the role of Family-Supportive Supervisor Behaviors (FSSB) as an important resource to help employees balance the exchange between work and life domains and improve well-being while teleworking. The current study was conducted during the COVID-19 pandemic, when most organizations opted for telework and employees found themselves involuntarily working from home. We examined the intensity of remote work as a boundary condition to determine when FSSB can be a resource for employees in telework. Our research combines two studies: a cross-sectional study with 318 workers from a bank that implemented telework over seven months; and a two-wave study with 290 participants from another bank - time 1 was prior to lockdown and time 2 was ten months later. Moderated mediation hypotheses were tested using structural equation modeling and the PROCESS macro for SPSS. Results from both studies show that FSSB is related to positive outcomes for work-family relationship and also for well-being. However, many of these associations are conditional upon the levels of intensity of telework. Implications for HRM theory and practice are discussed.	art
10.1080/09585192.2022.2060714	Employee referrals as counterproductive work behavior? Employees' motives for poor referrals and the role of the cultural context. Employee referral programs that encourage employees to refer individuals from their social network for positions in their organization are an increasingly important HR practice. Previous research has mostly conceptualized employee referrals as beneficial acts towards the organization and provided evidence on factors that influence the likelihood of making an employee referral, but has largely disregarded the referrals' quality. Hence, previous findings on employee referrals might only apply to high quality referrals, but not to poor referrals, i.e. when employees knowingly refer candidates who are unmotivated or perform poorly. Building on social exchange theory, we therefore extend previous studies and focus on internal, prosocial, and external motives for employee referrals that can be conceptualized as counterproductive work behavior. We find a disturbingly high number of participants indicating that they would knowingly engage in a poor employee referral. In detail, we demonstrate that while affective organizational commitment is negatively related to the likelihood of making a poor employee referral, strong ties with the referral candidate and the presence of a monetary bonus are positively related. Furthermore, we investigate the cultural context of social exchange relationships; we find that in-group collectivism moderates the relationship between tie strength and the likelihood of poor referrals. Our study offers important implications for HR management theory and practice.	art
10.1080/09585192.2022.2032266	Journalists as first responders: a new perspective on emotional labour and initiative taking in crises. The paper uses the HRM-psychological wellbeing-performance mechanism to place journalists, a previously overlooked group in the literature as first responders, as the focal point of the HRM-wellbeing-performance discussion. Based on the Job demand-resource theory, job resources can buffer against challenging job demands, such as emotional labor that is peculiar to first responders' jobs. Our model examines the interacting effect of supervisor behavioral ambidexterity (SBA) and flexibility of human resource practices (HRPf) on the relationship between emotional regulation strategies and personal initiative-taking behavior from eustress- a good type of stress that carries a positive connotation for the employee experiencing it. A multisource two-wave survey amongst employees and supervisors from different organizations was used to explore the variables' empirical association. Results do not provide support for the moderating effect of HRPf (alone), even at high levels. However, the model showing the moderating effect of HRPf on the relationship between emotional regulation strategies and personal initiative-taking through eustress significantly improves at high levels of SBA, highlighting the linchpin role of SBA in the HRM-psychological wellbeing-performance relationship.	art
10.1080/09585192.2021.1991431	Antecedents of high performance work practices in SMEs: an attention-based view. Relative to the large body of work in the broader strategic HRM (SHRM) literature, knowledge about determinants of SMEs' approaches to HRM remains limited. We argue that heterogeneity in the use of high performance work practices (HPWPs) is influenced by top managers' exposure and attention to information obtained via environmental scanning. Invoking an attention-based view (ABV), we develop hypotheses suggesting that competition tracking, participation in trade associations, and social network embeddedness will be associated with greater use of HPWPs. We also propose direct and moderating roles for top managers' perceptions of competitive intensity. We test our hypotheses using a database comprised of a combination of archival data and mail survey responses from 260 agricultural SMEs located in geographical clusters. Our results broadly support this study's hypotheses and contribute to a better understanding of the role of top managers' environmental scanning in the shaping of HPWPs in SMEs.	art
10.1080/09585192.2021.1986108	Who matters to shared psychological climate perceptions? An investigation of social network tie types and attributes. Psychological climate perceptions are related to important employee attitudes and behaviors, yet our knowledge of how such perceptions develop is relatively limited. Building upon work that has found that employees' interaction with coworkers influences similarity in employees' psychological climate perceptions, we focus on how network ties (advice, friendship) and their attributes (trust, expertise) are related to shared psychological climate perceptions. We use social information processing theory to argue that employees who have friendship and advice ties characterized by high levels of trust and expertise will have similar perceptions of the psychological climate. Using social network data from 61 employees in an information technology organization, we find that employees have psychological climate perceptions similar to those of friends whom they perceive to have high levels of trustworthiness and expertise, but not to those of low-trust or low-expertise friendship ties or advice ties. Our results challenge the notion that interaction in and of itself shapes psychological climate perceptions and instead suggest that certain ties with certain attributes are more important. In addition, we bring a sociological perspective into the highly 'psychologized' human resource management literature and contribute to social network research exploring social influence.	art
10.1080/09585192.2021.1973063	Impact of HRM practices on innovative behaviour: mediating role of talent development climate in Indian firms. The impact of human resource management (HRM) practices on talent development and innovative work behaviour (IWB) has attracted considerable research attention in recent times, with the advent of knowledge economies. Drawing from the resource-based view of the firm, the aim of this research is to explore themes associated with talent development climate (TDC) and to test its role in promoting innovative work behaviour amongst managerial employees. The results of this research are based on three studies. Study 1 was qualitative that used an inductive approach, to explore the dimensions of TDC. Based on the themes that emerged from the qualitative study, we conducted studies 2 and 3 using quantitative methods on managers (N = 307 in first phase and N = 403 in second phase), drawn from 11 large global and Indian MNCs operating in India. The findings indicate two dimensions of TDC and highlight the mediating role of TDC in the relationship between HRM practices and IWB. The study contributes to the growing field of talent management with evidence from an emerging market economy - India. It provides a compelling argument for extending the scope of HRM practices and supervisory support in creating a talent development climate to achieve greater success in fostering innovation in organizations.	art



10.1002/hrm.22161	Effective communication for relational coordination in remote work: How job characteristics and HR practices shape user-technology interactions. The theory of relational coordination holds that frequent, timely, accurate, and problem-solving communication positively interacts with relationships of mutual respect, shared goals, and shared knowledge to support effective work coordination. With increasing numbers of employees working remotely, Advanced Communication Technologies (ACTs) are crucial for enabling the communication necessary for relational coordination. To investigate how organizations can maintain effective communication between employees in remote work settings, we conducted 47 interviews across multiple organizations. We find that users enact different affordances, that is, action possibilities, of the same material features of an ACT. Enacting these affordances supports frequent, timely, accurate, and problem-solving communication when working remotely. Which affordances users enact varies systematically with job characteristics. Specifically, users whose jobs have high levels of task variety, autonomy, creative problem solving, and interdependence across teams enact more of the affordances that enable effective communication. Comprehensive ACTs that integrate all communication features into one technology and rules requesting the company-wide exclusive interaction with this ACT strengthen the relationship between users' job characteristics and affordance enactment. Our findings show that it is important to involve HRM from the outset so that, in close cooperation with IT, a system can be found that-supported by suitable sets of rules-enables effective communication.
10.3926/ic.2107	Towards an integrated definition of job crafting. Purpose: The aim of this paper is to form a comprehensive definition to describe the term job crafting.Design/methodology: A qualitative and quantitative analysis of the CSR communication variables of corporate websites was carried out to identify the companies with the best CSR web communication practices, and an economic and financial comparative analysis was undertaken.Findings: In this research paper on the term job crafting, 76 different definitions of its meaning were identified. After a systematic analysis of these definitions, with the aim of extracting the common elements that characterise job crafting, a definition is proposed, which makes it possible to include any typology, based on three key elements: the employee's proactivity, the impact on the environment and the context in which the activity is carried out.Research limitations/implications: The analysis is based on a review of extant literature, which previously has not considered the impact of such definitions of job crafting on hybrid (physical and remote) and virtual (metaverse) environments. Practical implications: The paper aims to provide a simple and all-inclusive definition of job crafting that serves as a basis for identifying attitudes and behavior that will help in talent attraction, selection and development processes.Social implications: This integrated definition will help individuals to develop the attitudes and behavior which will enable them to adapt their professional activities in a context where, according to the World Economic Forum (2020 study), 50% of the jobs we know today will disappear by 2030.Originality/value: This article attempts to provide a succinct and all-inclusive definition of the term job crafting; something which has not previously been achieved.
10.1080/09585192.2023.2221385	Post-COVID remote working and its impact on people, productivity, and the planet: an exploratory scoping review. Since the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak, there has been a wealth of studies and reports published on the impacts of remote working (or work-from-home) due to pandemic lockdown measures. The primary aim of this article is to synthesise this work and conduct an exploratory scoping review of both scholarly and grey literature on the impacts of the pandemic on people, productivity, and the planet, with a focus on remote working (or work-from-home) and the post-pandemic workplace. Further, in light of the wide range of terms such as work-from-home, remote working, hybrid working, teleworking, telecommuting, and work-from-anywhere, a secondary but necessary aim of this scoping review is to clarify these terms before reviewing the extant literature on the multi-level impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. A review of this literature revealed that most of the scholarly research and industry reports published since the pandemic outbreak are data-driven and some anecdotal rather than theory-driven. The common themes and findings backed by evidence include the gendered division of labour, organisational trust and managerial trust in employees, changes in workforce management, virtual communication and collaboration, reduced carbon emissions, and increased plastic consumption. The scoping review concludes by discussing the post-pandemic workplace and a brief research agenda.
10.1108/PR-09-2021-0673	Work interrupted at home: examining the influence of supportive teleworking practices on work-family conflict. PurposeBy utilizing boundary theory and distraction-conflict theory, this study attempted to examine the influential process of supportive teleworking practices granting work scheduling autonomy on work-to-family conflict (WFC) via the mediating mechanism of work interruption initiated from home.Design/methodology/approachThe study conducted two-wave online questionnaire survey to obtain a final sample of 277 remote knowledge workers in Taiwan during the peak period of COVID-19 pandemic. Hypotheses were tested with partial least squares-structural equation modelling using SmartPLS 3.0 software.FindingsThe results revealed that supportive teleworking practices did not directly decrease the level of WFC while home-sourced work interruptions fully mediated the negative relationship between supportive teleworking practices and WFC.Originality/valueThis provides a more nuanced explanation for how and why supportive teleworking practices are beneficial for employees to cope with the challenge of work-home interferences under the new ways of working. The findings simultaneously address evidence-based practices to better deal with mandatory teleworking during potential societal crisis beyond the COVID-19 pandemic.
10.1108/PR-02-2022-0085	AMO model for neuro-inclusive remote workplace. Purpose - The aim of this article is to extend current debates on organizational equality, diversity and inclusion to a consideration of neurodivergence in the remote workplace context.Design/methodology/approach - Drawing on the ability, motivation, and opportunity (AMO) model and an emerging strength-based approach to neurodiversity, this conceptual paper integrates research on neurodiversity at work and remote working to provide a novel AMO model for a neuro-inclusive remote workplace.Findings - Through a theoretically informed discussion of barriers to effective remote work from the perspective of neurominorities, the AMO model for the neuro-inclusive remote workplace is offered to assist organizations in creating an inclusive remote work environment where both neurominorities and neurotypicals can equally contribute to organizational success. Specific examples of how certain barriers to effective remote work can be mitigated are outlined and explained.Practical implications - The conceptual model presented in this paper can assist HR practitioners in developing a comprehensive approach to skill, motivation, and opportunity-enhancing practices that are tailored to the unique needs of neurominorities in a specific context of remote work to generate mutual gains.Originality/value - The model of interactions between individual and system factors offered enables a better theoretical understanding of the conditions under which high performance of neurodivergent individuals could be achieved with an associated positive impact on their well-being. The paper contributes to recent calls for more equitable and empathetic approaches to investing in employees with different cognitive profiles and does so in the underexplored context of remote work.
